Update certificate chain ordering for schannel verification (#1384)
MicrosoftDocs/win32: desktop-src/SecAuthN/manually-validating-schannel-credentials.md

By default, Schannel validates the [*server certificate*](../secgloss/s-gly.md) by calling the [**WinVerifyTrust**](/windows/win32/api/wintrust/nf-wintrust-winverifytrust) function; however, if you have disabled this feature using the ISC\_REQ\_MANUAL\_CRED\_VALIDATION flag, you must validate the certificate provided by the server that is attempting to establish its identity.

> To manually validate the server certificate, you must first get it. Use the [**QueryContextAttributes (General)**](/windows/win32/api/sspi/nf-sspi-querycontextattributesa) function and specify the SECPKG\_ATTR\_REMOTE\_CERT\_CONTEXT attribute value. This attribute returns a [**CERT\_CONTEXT**](/windows/win32/api/wincrypt/ns-wincrypt-cert_context) structure containing the certificate supplied by the server. This certificate is called the leaf certificate because it is the last certificate in the certificate chain and is farthest away from the [*root certificate*](../secgloss/r-gly.md). Starting in Windows 11 22H2 22621, the leaf certificate appears first in the chain?

Reviewer: Suggested change based on response from engineering team:

```suggestion
To manually validate the server certificate, you must first get it. Use the [**QueryContextAttributes (General)**](/windows/win32/api/sspi/nf-sspi-querycontextattributesa) function and specify the SECPKG\_ATTR\_REMOTE\_CERT\_CONTEXT attribute value. This attribute returns a [**CERT\_CONTEXT**](/windows/win32/api/wincrypt/ns-wincrypt-cert_context) structure containing the certificate supplied by the server. This certificate is called the leaf certificate because it is the last certificate in the certificate chain and is farthest away from the [*root certificate*](../secgloss/r-gly.md). However, certificate ordering in the SSPI context buffer does not imply any certificate chaining relationship.
```
